Elaborate on digital legacy PR (#1924)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: includes/abbreviations.en.md

*[CLI]: Command Line Interface
*[CSV]: Comma-Separated Values
*[CVE]: Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures

> *[Digital Legacy]: Digital legacy, refers to features that provide access to your data when you die

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*[Digital Legacy]: Digital Legacy refers to features that allow you to give other people access to your data when you die
```
